
Binding Agreement

This rems.com.ph Website is provided to you for your use subject to these Terms. These Terms form a binding agreement between you and rems.com.ph. By accessing or using the rems.com.ph Website you agree to accept and/or to be bound by these Terms. you agree to use the rems.com.ph Website at your own risk.

In the case of any conflict between these Terms and any contract you have with rems.com.ph, these Terms will take precedent.

We may update these Terms from time to time for legal or regulatory reasons or to allow the proper operation of the rems.com.ph Website. rems.com.ph reserves the right to update the Terms of Use at any time without notice to you. The most current version of the Terms of Use can be reviewed by clicking on the "Terms of Use" hypertext link located at the bottom of our Web pages.



Registration

To register on the rems.com.ph Website you must have a company a business or an organization.

You must ensure that the details provided by you on registration or at any time are correct and complete.

You must inform us immediately of any changes to the information that you provided when registering by updating your personal details in order that we can communicate with you effectively.



Password and security

When you register to use the rems.com.ph Website you will be asked to enter your company's email and the rems.com.ph will email your company for your username, password, and access code. In order to prevent fraud, you must keep this password confidential and must not disclose it or share it with anyone. If you know or suspect that someone else knows your password you should notify us by contacting us here immediately.


As a result of your loss of your Password or the misuse of the rems.com.ph Website:

all losses or damage incurred thereby shall be borne by you; and

you shall fully indemnify rems.com.ph should rems.com.ph suffer any loss or damage.



Intellectual Property

rems.com.ph Website, rems.com.ph Content, and all right, title and interest in and to rems.com.ph Website and rems.com.ph Content are the exclusive property of rems.com.ph.

rems.com.ph Website and rems.com.ph Content are protected by copyright, trade mark, database right and other intellectual property rights.

You may retrieve and display rems.com.ph. Content of the rems.com.ph. Website on a computer screen, store such content in electronic form on disk (but not any server or other storage device connected to a network) or print one copy of such content for your own personal, non-commercial use, provided you keep intact all and any copyright and proprietary notices. You may not otherwise reproduce, modify, copy or distribute or use for commercial purposes any of the materials or rems.com.ph Content on the rems.com.ph Website without written permission from rems.com.ph



Availability of the rems.com.ph Website
Although we aim to offer you the best service possible, we make no promise that the services at the rems.com.ph Website will meet your requirements.

We cannot guarantee that the rems.com.ph Website will be fault-free, error-free, or that rems.com.ph Website and servers are free of viruses or other harmful mechanisms. If a fault occurs with the rems.com.ph Website you should report it here and we will attempt to correct the fault as soon as we can.

Your access to the rems.com.ph Website may be occasionally restricted to allow for repairs, maintenance or the introduction of new content, facilities or services. We will attempt to restore access and/or service as soon as we reasonably can.


Your use of the rems.com.ph Services
The rems.com.ph Services may be used only by:

individuals seeking employment, and career and career-related information;

Employers or their agents seeking candidates for employment purposes; and

Advertisers.

Your use of the rems.com.ph Services is also subject to any other contracts you may have with rems.com.ph. In the case of any conflict between these Terms and any contract you have with rems.com.ph, these Terms will prevail.




All Users agree to not:-

transmit, post, distribute, store or destroy material, including without limitation rems.com.ph Content, in violation of any applicable law or regulation, including but not limited to laws or regulations governing the collection, processing, or transfer of personal information, or in breach of rems.com.ph’s Privacy Policy;

violate or attempt to violate the security of any rems.com.ph Website;

reverse engineer or decompile any parts of any rems.com.ph Website;

aggregate, copy or duplicate in any matter any of the rems.com.ph Content or information available from any rems.com.ph Website, including expired job postings, other than as permitted by these Terms;

post any content or material that facilitates, promotes or endorses scams, false or misleading information or illegal activities, OR endorses or provides instructional information about illegal activities or other activities prohibited by these Terms, such as making or buying illegal weapons, violating someone’s privacy, providing or creating computer viruses or pirating media, OR promotes or endorses any political views;

post any resume or apply for any job on behalf of another party;

access data not intended for you or logging into a server or account which you are not authorized to access;

post or submit to any rems.com.ph Website any inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, false, not up to date biographical information or information which is not your own;

post content that contains restricted or password-only access pages, or hidden pages or images;

solicit passwords or personally identifiable information from other Users;

delete or alter any material posted by any other person or entity;

harass, incite harassment or advocate harassment of any group, company or individual;

send unsolicited mail or email, make unsolicited phone calls or send unsolicited faxes promoting and/or advertising products or services to any User, or contact any users that have specifically requested not to be contacted by you;

attempt to interfere with service to any User, host or network, including, without limitation, via means of submitting a virus to any rems.com.ph Website, overloading, “flooding”, “spamming”, “mailbombing”, or “crashing”.

use the rems.com.ph Services for any unlawful purpose or illegal activity, or post or submit any content, resume, or job posting that is defamatory, libelous, implicitly or explicitly offensive, vulgar, obscene, threatening, harassing, abusive, hateful, racist, discriminatory, of a menacing character or likely to cause annoyance, inconvenience, embarrassment, anxiety or could cause harassment to any person or include any links to pornographic, indecent or sexually explicit material of any kind, as determined by rems.com.ph’s discretion; or

post any resume which is not a genuine resume and which attempts to advertise or promote products or services.

Violations of network security may result in civil and/or criminal liability. rems.com.ph will investigate occurrences which may involve such violations and may involve, and cooperate with, law enforcement authorities in prosecuting Users who are involved in such violations.
